Map Generator for Seven Kingdoms: Ancient Adversaries
-----------------------------------------------------

Version: 0.1-alpha
License: GPLv3
Based on 7kaa release 2.14.4 (project website: www.7kfans.com)


This is a map generator for 7kaa, allowing you to generate random maps
and get a preview of how it will look. If you like the map, you can copy
the random seed value that created this map and use it in 7kaa to start
a game on your chosen map.

To get the exact same map topography, the 'Land Mass' option needs to be set
to the same value, in addition to using the same seed. To get the same
placement of objects, the following options need to match:
 - Land Mass (for topography)
 - Random Kingdoms (if enabled, a lot(!) of things will be randomised)
 - Computer Controlled Kingdoms count
 - Natural Resource at Start count
 - Natural Resources Nearby?
 - Independent Villages count
 - Fryhtans enabled y/n? (None, versus Defensive or Aggressive)

The current version is an alpha release, which can generate random
moderate-sized maps. The next milestone is to be able to select the map
options via the UI, and to be able to display the seed value (and, in general,
be able to render text so all of the above can work).

7kmapgen was created by hijacking 7kaa and reusing almost all of the code.
Only minor changes to the original codebase have occurred, mostly wrecking
out Window & SDL stuff to prevent 7kaa from actually drawing.


A project file for Microsoft Visual Studio C++ 2010 is supplied with the
project, and currently this is the only supported build method.
NOTE: The makefiles are still those of 7kaa, and thus are not up-to-date /
capable of building 7kmapgen.

To build this version you'll need ENet, SDL2 and OpenAL32, just like 7kaa.
For steps on how to set up your build environment, I refer you to the README
file of my fork of the 7kaa project:
    https://github.com/MicroVirus/7kaa

Note that 7kmapgen does not provide the OpenAL32 library files, but you can
directly copy this from my fork.


For any questions, remarks, suggestion or to share your work, please visit
the 7kaa open source project at
   http://www.7kfans.com/forums/index.php
